Why learn Python?
Python is a widely considered among the easiest programming languages for beginners to learn.
If you are interested in learning a programming language, Python is a good place to start.
It's also one of the most widely used in 2020 for Python as the first most popular language.
And as you learn, you can take advantages of the robust community of fellow learners and developers,
as well as the job opportunities that come with knowing Python.
For example, in this website crossover website for top ten In-demand Programming languages for 2024,
you see that Python is the first in this website.
Also in top programming language.
In fourth job, Python takes the second number trending.
Python is the first and spectrum Python is the first.
Also here in this survey of StackOverflow, you see that in professional developer, Python takes the
number four.
In learning to code, Python takes the first number, and for other coders Python also the first number.
And here for the most used language.
Also Python takes the number three.